Update README.md with package installation recommendations for macOS (#130)
sourcegraph/src-cli: README.md

SRC_ENDPOINT=https://sourcegraph.example.com src search
```

> > NOTE: If on macOS, we recommend installing the `zip` and `diffutils` Homebrew packages as the related binaries on macOS are quite old. This will solve issues related to being unable to unzip archives and diffing files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: If you want to use the `src actions exec` functionality on macOS, we recommend installing the `zip` and `diffutils` packages from Homebrew (or any other package manager that has up-to-date versions) as the versions that come with macOS are quite old. This will solve issues related to being unable to unzip archives and diffing files.
```
